Salutations! I'm Wolf, a brooklynite who'll start as a CS major at [Case Western](https://case.edu/) next fall. In short, I'm a geeky, curious, creative, tech-loving humanoid with a passion for problem-solving, making, and exploring. I'm very self-driven, and love tinkering and figuring things out, which has driven me to love code. Currently I'm purely self-taught, through a variety of eclectic personal projects which I see to eventually document here.

Currently I'm spending the summer at [Recurse Center](https://www.recurse.com/), a self-driven programming retreat. It's a space to geek out on whatever interests you, alongside countless other equally fervent techies. I started out working on an English flashcard generating service to explore [templated vector rendering](/posts/blog/svgShenanigans) and OpenAI APIs, but have recently been pouring time into over-engineering this website.

This site is a space to showcase my various eclectic journeys. There's pages presenting some of my favorite [projects](/posts/projects) with detailed descriptions, but also various [blogs](/posts/blogs) to document various esoteric adventures. For many pages, they will continue to be updated as the projects and discoveries themselves evolve. Please also feel free to check out my [about page](/about) to learn more about me, and also see my [resume](/resume).

I know that there's a lot of content here, and the collection is only going to keep on growing, so I hope that through your scouring of my life questions arise. Technical questions, personal questions, or random questions. I love chatting tech, so if you're interested in any of my work, or have any questions at all, please feel free to reach out to any of the above contacts, and I'll try to get back as soon as possible!
